hey everyone today I'm going to be
showing you how to achieve the bubbled
ponytail that I wore in my first day of
school outfit of the day and i got a
request to do a tutorial on the
hairstyle and I wasn't sure if I was
going to do it because it is so easy but
it's very cute and I haven't seen
anybody do it so now I'm doing it um I
think it's really cute and unique I
haven't seen like I said many people do
it or wear it um so yeah there's many
ways that you can kind of play it up I
think it's best you have a little bit of
a either wave or a curl or texture to
your hair stick straight hair would be
okay I guess but it wouldn't have the
same effect and my hair is pretty
straight right now but I this is like my
second day heart hair gosh poor hair so
I'm going to take a shower tonight so
it's not looking as great and I didn't
really do anything special to it
yesterday so i would put in some sort of
cream or a spray mousse gel something to
give your hair more texture and maybe a
little bit more lift at the roots
usually I like to use the Pantene medium
to thick hair style mousse for flowing
body looks like this and this is nice to
put a little bit in your roots just for
a little bit more lift and volume and
throughout your whole entire the length
of your hair just to give a little bit
more of a texture so you want to make
sure that your hair is tangle free so
I'm just going to brush up my hair this
is just a con air brush so you want to
make sure that it's nice and rushed out
you guys are going to be like amazed how
easy this is um but for the person who
requested this I hope you enjoy it and
everybody else the next thing you want
to do is take a hair tie preferably the
color of your hair
I couldn't find one for some reason I
don't know why because I usually have a
thousand of them but I'm just going to
take a white one and I think what's best
is to have a pretty high ponytail may be
about right up here so you can put your
ponytail wherever though I wouldn't say
a low ponytail that would just look
really strange but I want to say like on
top of your head but just pretty hot may
be out there so I'm just going to do my
ponytail real quick and then I will see
you back here in a sec so obviously i
have my ponytail no it's pretty high and
um the next step is to obviously section
it off and you're going to need some
oops I just felt I just lost 14 drops on
the clear elastics these are the skin
see skoon sheet I don't know what brand
with a brand name pronunciation is but i
got them at target for like a dollar for
a pack of them but they've kind of all
gotten lost but they what you're going
to do i don't i don't know if i should
like turn around to show you because
it's kind of hard but i'll try to turn
around you are going to section of the
ponytail so maybe about you're gonna
like put a hair tie here and then a hair
tie here and then just so on and it does
not have to be even if you don't want it
to be it can be however you want so i'm
going to put one like here and try to
wrap it around twice but if you can't
then just do your best
so I have on there and then now i can
turn around to show you the rest but so
i put one there and i don't have a
mirror in front of me so it would be a
lot easier for you to look at a mirror
while doing this
okay so you're just going to go down the
length of your hair until you get to a
point where you really can't put another
hair tie in my room for one more so I'm
going to put it down here you could put
one at the very end if you wanted but
that's just unnecessary and it's kind of
cute with longer pieces now it would be
really cute if you kind of curled that
if it was a little bit longer but this
is where it's going to be best if your
hair is kind of texturized it's going to
make these sections keator and fuller if
you don't have that volume you can
always just kind of pull on them don't
pull too hard because I have had these
like snap just during the day it
happened yesterday and it was not good
after this you're done so if you want to
add some hairspray go ahead and do that
but I do not find it necessary um for
your bangs you can do whatever you want
I think it'd be cute if you kind of did
a poof or if you kind of pulled some
pieces down I'm just going to put on a
headband because I wear them all the
time and they push my hair back so I'm
just gonna push it back and then kind of
push it forward to push the very front
parts of my hair forward so yeah um now
the tutorial is complete I hope you guys
enjoy it's super simple now after you
take this out after you're like done
with the hair style I'd recommend
throwing the hair ties the little up
clear elastics away because they do
break very um easily and like I said
they've broken like they've snapped out
of my hair and totally ruined my
hairstyle just randomly so watch out for
that but it's definitely cute and it
adds a kind of elegance and edge which
those two things don't really go
together but it's a very cute hairstyle
and I will definitely be wearing it more
often so I hope you guys enjoyed this
video please subscribe if you haven't
leave a comment with any other hair
request you would like or whatever so
yeah I will talk to you guys later have
an amazing day bye